findById Optimization (#35261) (#35403)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/spring/azure-spring-data-cosmos/CHANGELOG.md

#### Bugs Fixed

#### Other Changes

> * Optimized default implementation of `findById(ID id)` from `CrudRepository` so that it will execute point reads where id is also the partition key, and log a warning where it is not. The new behaviour is more optimal, especially for large containers with many partitions - see [PR 35261](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/35261).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Optimized default implementation of `findById(ID id)` from `CrudRepository` so that it will execute point reads where id is also the partition key, and log a warning where it is not. The new behavior is more optimal, especially for large containers with many partitions - see [PR 35403](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/35403).
```
